docs: add Building guide (#94999)
vercel/next.js: docs/01-app/02-guides/incremental-static-regeneration-cache-components.mdx

> **Good to know**: Prefetching also triggers upgrades. When a [`<Link>`](/docs/app/api-reference/components/link) enters the viewport or [`router.prefetch`](/docs/app/api-reference/functions/use-router) is called, Next.js can upgrade the App Shell in the background, so the next visitor gets the more specific version even before anyone actually navigates to the page.

> ## High-cardinality routes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Choosing what to prerender
```

> Large or unbounded param sets, such as millions of product pages, aren't practical to prerender fully at build time. List the params worth prerendering in [`generateStaticParams`](/docs/app/api-reference/functions/generate-static-params) so those pages are prerendered in full. Visits to any other param get the App Shell instantly, while Next.js renders the full page in the background. Later visits to the same URL get the completed page from the cache.

Reviewer: I'd say this isn't even about size. It is about whether or not it makes sense to materialize every route. 

Also associating this with cost, rather than speed, so that `generateStaticParams` isn't seen as an optimization, or a workaround for a limitation, this is a product/application consideration people have to make. For which routes should one pay the storage and CPU time to build them (at runtime if they are never hit, you don't pay for their generation either)

```suggestion
Not every route needs to be prerendered. Every page you prerender increases build work and produces output that has to be stored and deployed. Many routes may never be visited before your next deployment, making that work unnecessary.

Instead, use [`generateStaticParams`](/docs/app/api-reference/functions/generate-static-params) to prerender the routes that benefit most from being ready ahead of time, such as popular pages or predictable content. Less frequently visited routes are generated on demand and upgraded after their first visit, so you don't spend build time and storage on pages that may never be requested.
```
